README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Project Structure

The project is organized into the following directories:

### `/app`

Contains the Next.js app router pages and layouts.

### `/components`

Contains reusable React components organized by type:

- `/components/navigation`: Navigation components (desktop and mobile)
- `/components/sections`: Page section components
- `/components/ui`: Reusable UI components
- `/components/layout`: Layout components
- `/components/icons`: Icon components

### `/lib`

Contains utility functions and shared code:

- `/lib/helpers`: Helper functions
- `/lib/hooks`: React hooks
- `/lib/prisma.ts`: Prisma client setup with Accelerate extension

### `/prisma`

Contains Prisma ORM files:

- `/prisma/schema.prisma`: Database schema definition

### `/public`

Contains static assets:

- `/public/images`: Image files
- `/public/icons`: Icon files

### `/mocks`

Contains mock data for development.

## Import Conventions

The project uses barrel files (index.ts) to simplify imports:

```javascript
// Import from a barrel file
import {Button, Card} from "@/components/ui";
import {MobileMenu, DesktopNav} from "@/components/navigation";

// Import from a specific file
import {cn} from "@/lib/helpers/css-utils";
```

## Database Setup

This project uses Prisma ORM with PostgreSQL. Follow these steps to set up the database:

1. Make sure you have PostgreSQL installed and running
2. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your database connection string:

```
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://username:password@localhost:5432/asapa?schema=public"
```

3. Generate the Prisma client:

```bash
npm run prisma:generate
# or
yarn prisma:generate
```

4. If you need to create or update the database schema:

```bash
npx prisma db push
# or
yarn prisma db push
```

5. Seed the database with initial data:

```bash
npm run prisma:seed
# or
yarn prisma:seed
# or
npx prisma db seed
```

## Email Setup

This project uses Nodemailer to send emails from the contact form. Follow these steps to set up the email functionality:

1. Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory with your email configuration:

```
# Email configuration
EMAIL_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
EMAIL_PORT=587
EMAIL_SECURE=false
EMAIL_USER=your-email@gmail.com
EMAIL_PASS=your-app-password
EMAIL_FROM=noreply@asapa.com.br
```

2. Replace the placeholder values with your actual SMTP server details and credentials:
   - `EMAIL_HOST`: Your SMTP server host (e.g., smtp.gmail.com for Gmail)
   - `EMAIL_PORT`: Your SMTP server port (typically 587 for TLS or 465 for SSL)
   - `EMAIL_SECURE`: Set to "true" if using SSL (port 465), "false" for TLS (port 587)
   - `EMAIL_USER`: Your email address
   - `EMAIL_PASS`: Your email password or app password
   - `EMAIL_FROM`: The sender email address shown in sent emails

3. If using Gmail, you'll need to create an App Password:
   - Go to your Google Account > Security > 2-Step Verification
   - At the bottom, select "App passwords"
   - Select "Mail" as the app and "Other" as the device
   - Enter a name (e.g., "ASAPA Website")
   - Click "Generate" and use the generated password as your `EMAIL_PASS`

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Refactor events section and add reusable components
Modularized event-related functionality with reusable components like EventTabs and SectionHeader. Replaced inlined icons and utilities with dedicated helpers, icons, and services to improve maintainability. Updated metadata and accessibility attributes for better SEO and user experience.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Project Structure

The project is organized into the following directories:

### `/app`

Contains the Next.js app router pages and layouts.

### `/components`

Contains reusable React components organized by type:

- `/components/navigation`: Navigation components (desktop and mobile)
- `/components/sections`: Page section components
- `/components/ui`: Reusable UI components (buttons, cards, tabs, etc.)
- `/components/layout`: Layout components
- `/components/icons`: SVG icon components with accessibility attributes

### `/lib`

Contains utility functions and shared code:

- `/lib/helpers`: Helper functions
- `/lib/hooks`: React hooks
- `/lib/prisma.ts`: Prisma client setup with Accelerate extension

### `/prisma`

Contains Prisma ORM files:

- `/prisma/schema.prisma`: Database schema definition

### `/public`

Contains static assets:

- `/public/images`: Image files
- `/public/icons`: Icon files

### `/mocks`

Contains mock data for development.

## Import Conventions

The project uses barrel files (index.ts) to simplify imports:

```javascript
// Import from a barrel file
import {Button, Card} from "@/components/ui";
import {MobileMenu, DesktopNav} from "@/components/navigation";

// Import from a specific file
import {cn} from "@/lib/helpers/css-utils";
```

## Database Setup

This project uses Prisma ORM with PostgreSQL. Follow these steps to set up the database:

1. Make sure you have PostgreSQL installed and running
2. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your database connection string:

```
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://username:password@localhost:5432/asapa?schema=public"
```

3. Generate the Prisma client:

```bash
npm run prisma:generate
# or
yarn prisma:generate
```

4. If you need to create or update the database schema:

```bash
npx prisma db push
# or
yarn prisma db push
```

5. Seed the database with initial data:

```bash
npm run prisma:seed
# or
yarn prisma:seed
# or
npx prisma db seed
```

## Email Setup

This project uses Nodemailer to send emails from the contact form. Follow these steps to set up the email functionality:

1. Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory with your email configuration:

```
# Email configuration
EMAIL_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
EMAIL_PORT=587
EMAIL_SECURE=false
EMAIL_USER=your-email@gmail.com
EMAIL_PASS=your-app-password
EMAIL_FROM=noreply@asapa.com.br
```

2. Replace the placeholder values with your actual SMTP server details and credentials:
   - `EMAIL_HOST`: Your SMTP server host (e.g., smtp.gmail.com for Gmail)
   - `EMAIL_PORT`: Your SMTP server port (typically 587 for TLS or 465 for SSL)
   - `EMAIL_SECURE`: Set to "true" if using SSL (port 465), "false" for TLS (port 587)
   - `EMAIL_USER`: Your email address
   - `EMAIL_PASS`: Your email password or app password
   - `EMAIL_FROM`: The sender email address shown in sent emails

3. If using Gmail, you'll need to create an App Password:
   - Go to your Google Account > Security > 2-Step Verification
   - At the bottom, select "App passwords"
   - Select "Mail" as the app and "Other" as the device
   - Enter a name (e.g., "ASAPA Website")
   - Click "Generate" and use the generated password as your `EMAIL_PASS`

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

> **Note:** The development server uses the standard Next.js development server. Turbopack was removed due to
> compatibility issues with Next.js 15.2.4 that caused build manifest errors.
>
> If you encounter any build errors, you can clean the build artifacts by running:
>
> ```bash
> npm run clean
> # or
> yarn clean
> ```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
